State that KMIP imported CAs are only used for client verification. (#2400)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v2.x/content/docs/secrets/kmip.mdx

### KMIP Certificate Authorities

Starting with Vault 2.0, the KMIP secrets engine can manage multiple
Certificate Authorities (CAs).

#### Legacy CA for Client Certificates

When the KMIP Secrets Engine is initially configured, Vault generates a legacy

> KMIP Certificate Authority (CA). This CA is used by default to issue client

Reviewer: Never use the passive voice where you can use the active voice.
```suggestion
KMIP Certificate Authority (CA). Vault uses this CA by default to issue client
```

Named CAs can be either:

1. **Generated CAs**: Created by Vault with specified key type and bits

> 2. **Imported CAs**: Imported from external sources, can **only** be used for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Imported CAs**: Imported from external sources, can only be used for
```
